Add `Fantasy World Art Contest` news post (#13331)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-06-06-fantasy-world-art-contest.md

- pippi and Mocha browsing a forest flea market for fairies and wisps.
- Yuzu and Chirou ~~getting lost in~~ leisurely exploring a labyrinthine dungeon.
- Taikonator and Don requesting apprenticeship from a mythical colossus.
- Don and Mocha opening a potion shop.
- pippi and the crew receiving an invitation to an elven tea party.
- Mani and pippi braving tempestuous mountain trails.
- Mari diligently studying grimoires while Mani falls asleep trying.
- Chirou struggling to defeat a cute (definitely not bad) slime.

As long as your drawing has any kind of *fantasy* element, you're good!

## Rewards

Unfortunately, participating in this contest won't magically transport you to the fabled osu!verse, but it'll still give you opportunity to score some pretty sweet rewards!

A selection of the top-voted finalists will be **featured on the main menu** and receive **3 months of osu!supporter**, plus the top 3 will also receive fancy bespoke **profile badges** made from their own creations, alongside being featured as  [**limited-time selection of default profile banners**](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-07-15-aerial-antics-art-results#new-profile-customisations)!

## Rules

> - **By submitting your artwork to this contest, you grant us permission to use your artwork in the main menu client should it win, and to use it in promotional material for both the game (osu!) and the contest (Springtime Showdown Art Contest).** You retain all rights to your creation and you can sell it and distribute it however you like — it's your work, after all. We're just saying here that if you submit your piece to this contest, you should be okay with us using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **By submitting your artwork to this contest, you grant us permission to use your artwork in the main menu client should it win, and to use it in promotional material for both the game (osu!) and the contest (Fantasy World Art Contest).** You retain all rights to your creation and you can sell it and distribute it however you like — it's your work, after all. We're just saying here that if you submit your piece to this contest, you should be okay with us using it.
```
